Tyler you know I wake up Tyler's
nowhere to be found
dawn beaten with cotton wow she
left me a note this is really
weird doesn't need anybody alone
into boat so I guess he really
does trust me
definitely marking one I got two
lines in the water and I'm
steady market fish now it's my
time to shine the world
yeah
good
where are you Tyler nowhere to
be found
oh man it's crazy out there
catching bait i'm catching tuna
ok
holy holy
I can't lose this thing now i'm
so close to catching this fish
yeah
I've gotta gotta gotta gotta got
him
how do I have searched stoked
right now Tyler's going to his
fans done no one is slapped
high-fives to cuz i multiply
myself as we're driving back to
the mill I noticed something
hanging out the side of the boat
feared I might write the full
just let him average next thing
you know we go way to go brother
you make me proud
what's up got hey how you doing
wonderful the junior got the
fish all by himself
hey can't beat that 2 119 pounds
dressed out how bad i will check
them out here
not a bad little shape we got
going down
yeah
about sixteen dollars a pound of
that sound will take that all
day
it's good feeling better job
yeah 35 hundred dollars that's a
great day
I've been spending a lot of time
with Travis teaching them a lot
and i'm really trying to groom
him into catching fish and you
know what is paying up
that's the part you ever done
just like to get out of here
that you know I really proving
myself to tyler and i think it's
not question me anymore you were
getting fuel and I said we're
gonna head right back out there
and bring the pain we're going
to show the fleet we can really
do together